











Welcome to the course!












Andrei

https://www.linkedin.com/in/andreinavumau/












The course materials are available online:

https://github.com/tyzia/http5221_s25_public













What is your goal in this course?












To become a web developer.










To achieve this goal, you need to learn.
I am here to help you learn.






















Friends vs enemies















Best friends













1 You
2 Teacher
3 AI












Best enemies















Copy-Paste AI generated code











0












I have 0 tolerance for copy-paste from AI.

Why?

- You don't learn. This is the problem.
- AI makes mistakes. You need experience and
knowledge to spot them.

Use AI to learn. Ask questions. Ask for explanations.






I have seen many lines of different code during my career.
I have an idea how a person, learning to code, will be writing their code.
I have a good understanding of how AI will create code for you.

I enjoy spotting typos, badly formatted
code in your work, because this proves to me
that you are learning and trying.












Copying your own code







What may be wrong here?

Ask yourself - 'Why I need to copy the same lines of code?'

I might mean that you need the same functionality.
If it is a case - create a method to do this task.
Use this method.

Why is it preferred?

When you need to refactor or change this code,
the change will be done in one place.
This is a good practice.

Copying your own code almost always
triggers unexpected errors (forgot to change id or click handle).
You might struggle debugging this error longer,
than you would spend to retype the necessary part of code.

My advice - always type your code, don't copy.

















Expectations











What I expect from you:



Hard work
The course is relatively easy, learning new material
might be hard.

Honesty
Please, don't submit the code which is not yours.

Desire to learn
I appreciate questions from you, I appreciate your attention.

Timely submissions
Assignments may quickly pile up for you, please submit on time.

Attendance
You can't be late to your interview, or meetings, or work.
Same applies to your classes.

Do not disturb
If you need to talk, you may leave the classroom any time and come back.














Your questions


You might have a lot of questions, it is always nice to hear them.
I will pause and ask for your questions.

I will not be able to spend too much time on questions, as I need
to move on with the material, but after the lecture, you are
more than welcome to reach out to me and I will clarify anything what you
didn't understand.












What to do when your code doesn't work
and assignment is due soon or overdue?











Don't panic.

Submit your solution as is (not working),
add comments to your submission, what is
not working and what you tried.

I will guide you how to fix it.














Contacting me


If you need clarification, or you have a question
the best is to send me message through Blackboard.















Attendance








Please, attend classes.
This helps to achieve your goal.

I will be marking attendance during first
20 minutes of each lecture.
Coming after attendance is taken, means
you are late.

If you can't attend,
send me a message before the start of the class
or within 48 hours after it.
Please, provide the reason.















Handwritten code








Please, get ready to write the code
by hand. It will be either during quiz
or I might ask you to write a simple
code by hand to evaluate code understanding.

In all my technical interviews when I was applying
for a job, I was asked to write code by hand.
It is a common practice in the industry.














Critical Path



We will cover three important topics:

- JavaScript
- Accessibility
- Usability



demo /critical_path/http5221_critical_path_s25.html















Submissions and Marks











demo marking.pdf



